Improved documentation for ServerSideApply (#6784)
fabric8io/kubernetes-client: doc/CHEATSHEET.md

#### Server Side Apply

To create a new resource or update an existing one, you just need to call:

```java
DeploymentConfig dc = client.deploymentConfigs().inNamespace("default").resource(dcToCreate).serverSideApply();
```

> For resources that are updated by other [FieldManagers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/#managers), you will need to force your modifications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For resources that are updated by other [FieldManagers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/#managers), you may need to force your modifications when there is a conflict:
```
